README.md, before:

# BED-Assignment: AMA Health HUB

As a health and fitness-centred website, the application includes multiple elements like user registration, meal planning, user data, recipes, quizzes, community, rewards, and profile. The project will be implemented using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as the key tools of the implementation process. The entire website is going to be in a green theme as it best represents healthy living. The website we tried to make it as minimalist as possible so that it is easy for users to use.

# Design Process

This website is focusing on anyone who are interested and want to find out more about healthy lifestyle through the website.As a user, I want the website to be easy to navigate to every page using the menu bar,providing distinct and clear category like Home, Recipe, Quiz, Meal planning ,Community, Credit, Reward, Login. As a reader ,readability will be a important factor,having a clear font,and contrasting colors to enhance the overall user experience.

We used Figma software to create the wireframe.Below is the attacked link for both desktop view and mobile view.
link: https://www.figma.com/design/v1nV3wdBctch9Cxq5SNRMZ/BED-Assignment?node-id=0-1&t=YaIrJOvIUad5vm1Z-1

# Features

In this section, we will go over the different parts of my project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

Feature 1 - allow user to navigate around the pages using the menus bar <br/>
Feature 2 - allow user to sign up by having them fill up the signup details <br/>
Feature 3 - allow user to login by having them fill up the login details<br/>
Feature 4 - allow user to view the personal information in the profile page<br/>
Feature 5 - allow user to update the profile personal information in the personal profile page<br/>
Feature 6 - allow user to delete the user account in the personal profile page<br/>
Feature 7 - allow user to see their points in the reward page<br/>
Feature 8 - allow points to be updated after they have redeem the rewards<br/>
Feature 9 - allow user to redeem the rewards in the reward page<br/>
Feature 10 - allow user to delete the rewards in the reward page<br/>
Feature 11 - allow user to categories the food in the recipe page by category<br/>
Feature 12 - allow users to see the total number of food recieved after filtering<br/>
Feature 13 - allow users to create a recipe adding in the nutrients, name, description, ingredients and the photo of the food<br/>
Feature 14 - allow users to delete a recipe from the database<br/>
Feature 15 - allow users to edit the information from an already exisiting item in the database<br/>
Feature 16 - allow users to filter the recipes by searching up for a calorie range<br/>
Feature 17 - allow users to filter the recipes by carbs, protein and fats range<br/>
Feature 18 - allow users to search by the name of the recipe<br/>
Feature 19 - allow users to search by an ingredient that is needed in the food<br/>
Feature 20 - allow users to find a random recipe from the database<br/>
Feature 21 - allow users to add a food they ate in the day to the meal planning page with all the nutrients<br/>
Feature 22 - allow users to delete the food they added in the meal planning page<br/>
Feature 23 - allow users to track how much nutrients they have eaten so far in a day<br/>
Feature 24 - allow users to start a new day which deletes all the items from the database<br/>
Feature 25 - allow users to open up the calendar and select specific dates to see how much calories they ate in the day and their target calories and other nutrients needed. The target calories is filled up by them when they log in. <br/>
Feature 27 - Allows users to view posts made by other members on the community page.<br/>
Feature 28 - Allows users to delete their own posts.<br/>
Feature 29 - Allows users to leave comments on their own posts or those of other users.<br/>
Feature 30 - Allows users to edit and update their own posts.<br/>
Feature 31 - Allows users to participate in quizzes to test and expand their knowledge of nutrition.<br/>
Feature 32 - Allows users to earn points that can be redeemed for vouchers on the rewards page.<br/>
Feature 33 - Allow users to like their own posts or other users posts.<br/>

# Technologies Used

HTML the project uses html to create a basic structure of the website. Testing Official website:https://html.spec.whatwg.org/

CSS the project use css for styling and layout, ensuring a visually appealing and consistent design across the website. official website: https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html

Javascript the project use JavaScript to adds interactivity and dynamic features to the website, enhancing the user experience. example like vaildation,local storeage

official website:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript

github the project use github is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration.It also allow version tracking official website:https://github.com/

Figma(WireFrame) the project use Figma for prototyping, and user interface (UI) design. Example like how does the website in desktop look like in the mobile view.Quick look on how the overview layout look like and able to follow to do the final code using html,css,javascript. official website:https://www.figma.com/

# For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, example:

# special bugs:

# Tested

The project has been tested on multiple browsers (Google chrome (default), Firefox, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge) to ensure a consistent user experience.The project is fully compatible with the different browser, displaying as intended.

# Credits

Images for the wireframe (rewards page)
<br/>

https://www.ntuc.org.sg/uportal/about-us/social-enterprises/ntuc-fairprice

https://www.mrbean.com.sg/

https://pss.hpb.gov.sg/

https://www.facebook.com/lihosg/

https://simplywrapps.oddle.me/en_SG/

Images for the homepage (index.html)
https://www.nmamilife.com/lifestyle/5-lifestyle-habits-for-better-sleep/

https://www.freepik.com/premium-vector/immunity-system-logo-template-human-immune-system-vector-design-flat-vector-illustration_28623110.htm

https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTrqQ31oG3fJ6LKMGJa6Yy77uHTgZU9fgI1jLUiB9VZZhqvHv2K

https://www.vectorstock.com/royalty-free-vector/life-expectancy-blue-gradient-concept-icon-vector-42350254

https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/10427968-lower-risk-of-heart-disease-concept-icon-heart-attack-prevention-veganism-benefit-abstract-idea-thin-line-illustration-isolated-outline-drawing-editable-stroke

https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/39303244-vitality-concept-line-icon-simple-element-illustration-vitality-concept-outline-symbol-design

Images for the recipe page<br/>

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eatingbirdfood.com%2Fgrilled-chicken-salad%2F&psig=AOvVaw0KmqclU7clgBPGjjyisDFm&ust=1721918306250000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCJi_3tnzv4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://www.eatingwell.com/thmb/mMjFDXD6shugfz82khOPUejNQEw=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/7575315-fca052ca1ac94aba8769ed482384c4c1.jpg

https://www.twopeasandtheirpod.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Zucchini-Noodles-with-Pesto-7-500x427.jpg

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTOdg3_-LRdKCND13F3FyAbfJb65O31oM0RMQ&s

https://cafedelites.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/One-Pan-Baked-Lemon-Garlic-Salmon-Asparagus-53-1.jpg

https://www.thekitchenmagpie.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2011/04/greekyogurtandberries1.jpg

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRVGpKLu3YZgLFvdIW1WLVdwkW13Gimo9Fabg&s

https://www.seriouseats.com/thmb/_c-xbP-tch4dpSTxKE1zY16sHo8=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/20231204-SEA-VeganBurger-FredHardy-00-dbf603c78b694bfd99489b85ab44f4c4.jpg

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftherealfooddietitians.com%2Ftex-mex-quinoa-salad%2F&psig=AOvVaw3XkFhsNmvax9hgDUsmSZ3f&ust=1721918519774000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCNCUj870v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRhNTFKUShBCX-wiHFZcMuyO1pD1V9cWXrtNQ&s

https://thecozycook.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Eggplant-Parmesan-Recipe-f.jpg

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR0HzuWQzXt9-14AXv97OaqZkW_FMzC9cFwUA&s

https://cdn.loveandlemons.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/mushroom-risotto.jpg

https://rainbowplantlife.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/tofu-stir-fry-cover-photo-1-of-1.jpg

https://delishar.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Quinoa-Salad-with-Grilled-Maple-Chicken-2-1080x720.jpg

https://grainfreetable.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/5-cheese-marinara-7.jpg

https://hips.hearstapps.com/hmg-prod/images/delish-perfect-baked-sweet-potato-1637646118.jpg?crop=0.742xw:0.998xh;0.135xw,0.00218xh&resize=1200:\*

https://www.mamaknowsglutenfree.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/gluten-free-pancakes-rc.jpg

https://healthynibblesandbits.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Vietnamese-Spring-Rolls-Recipe-Card.jpg

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fminimalistbaker.com%2Fthe-best-gluten-free-pizza-crust-sauce%2F&psig=AOvVaw0bxAmK7hKwcmUZ0jiVf085&ust=1721918765273000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCJDUqrT1v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://www.allrecipes.com/thmb/UeFtapHyGFBo4Lx-72GxgjrOGnk=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/13978-lentil-soup-DDMFS-4x3-edfa47fc6b234e6b8add24d44c036d43.jpg

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/NsSFQpQZULA/maxresdefault.jpg

https://hot-thai-kitchen.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Laksa-sm.jpg

https://www.justasdelish.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/SatayKajang1.jpg

https://www.andy-cooks.com/cdn/shop/articles/20231116072724-c2-a9andy_cooks_thumbnails_nasi_lemak_01.jpg?v=1700389619

https://noobcook.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/hokkeinmee3.jpg

https://christieathome.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Char-Kway-Teow-28-scaled.jpg

https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/5be172e38f513032e447734b/1582783292062-BL5N1VRZ2ZIL62QOFT16/Singapore-Food-tours-Roti+Prata.jpg

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.spendwithpennies.com%2Fstrawberry-banana-smoothie%2F&psig=AOvVaw3TZYKKvmyzFF17qPnv560E&ust=1721918921016000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCPipnoP2v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.loveandlemons.com%2Fgreen-smoothie%2F&psig=AOvVaw1KG2dTxu3xn6iSWyxSVEC1&ust=1721918945868000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCPi22Ir2v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSF1IUxj419XNzGhFwKQK-8lNaPD9S9o8lt-w&s

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTlvtD8kpxxR4pdX2zwbTc5QsL2FYLn9uBGuw&s

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQAO5GMfWThZPq3hxitXC15yuIZTWVDpZx_kw&s

https://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Peanut-Butter-Banana-Smoothie-Recipe-jpg.webp

https://feelgoodfoodie.net/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/Avocado-Smoothie-TIMG.jpg

Commit message:

Made all the pages responsive

README.md, after:

# BED-Assignment: AMA Health HUB

As a health and fitness-centred website, the application includes multiple elements like user registration, meal planning, user data, recipes, quizzes, community, rewards, and profile. The project will be implemented using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as the key tools of the implementation process. The entire website is going to be in a green theme as it best represents healthy living. The website we tried to make it as minimalist as possible so that it is easy for users to use.

# Design Process

This website is focusing on anyone who are interested and want to find out more about healthy lifestyle through the website.As a user, I want the website to be easy to navigate to every page using the menu bar,providing distinct and clear category like Home, Recipe, Quiz, Meal planning ,Community, Credit, Reward, Login. As a reader ,readability will be a important factor,having a clear font,and contrasting colors to enhance the overall user experience.

We used Figma software to create the wireframe.Below is the attacked link for both desktop view and mobile view.
link: https://www.figma.com/design/v1nV3wdBctch9Cxq5SNRMZ/BED-Assignment?node-id=0-1&t=YaIrJOvIUad5vm1Z-1

# Features

In this section, we will go over the different parts of my project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

Feature 1 - allow user to navigate around the pages using the menus bar <br/>
Feature 2 - allow user to sign up by having them fill up the signup details <br/>
Feature 3 - allow user to login by having them fill up the login details<br/>
Feature 4 - allow user to view the personal information in the profile page<br/>
Feature 5 - allow user to update the profile personal information in the personal profile page<br/>
Feature 6 - allow user to delete the user account in the personal profile page<br/>
Feature 7 - allow user to see their points in the reward page<br/>
Feature 8 - allow points to be updated after they have redeem the rewards<br/>
Feature 9 - allow user to redeem the rewards in the reward page<br/>
Feature 10 - allow user to delete the rewards in the reward page<br/>
Feature 11 - allow user to categories the food in the recipe page by category<br/>
Feature 12 - allow users to see the total number of food recieved after filtering<br/>
Feature 13 - allow users to create a recipe adding in the nutrients, name, description, ingredients and the photo of the food<br/>
Feature 14 - allow users to delete a recipe from the database<br/>
Feature 15 - allow users to edit the information from an already exisiting item in the database<br/>
Feature 16 - allow users to filter the recipes by searching up for a calorie range<br/>
Feature 17 - allow users to filter the recipes by carbs, protein and fats range<br/>
Feature 18 - allow users to search by the name of the recipe<br/>
Feature 19 - allow users to search by an ingredient that is needed in the food<br/>
Feature 20 - allow users to find a random recipe from the database<br/>
Feature 21 - allow users to add a food they ate in the day to the meal planning page with all the nutrients<br/>
Feature 22 - allow users to delete the food they added in the meal planning page<br/>
Feature 23 - allow users to track how much nutrients they have eaten so far in a day<br/>
Feature 24 - allow users to start a new day which deletes all the items from the database<br/>
Feature 25 - allow users to open up the calendar and select specific dates to see how much calories they ate in the day and their target calories and other nutrients needed. The target calories is filled up by them when they log in. <br/>
Feature 27 - Allows users to view posts made by other members on the community page.<br/>
Feature 28 - Allows users to delete their own posts.<br/>
Feature 29 - Allows users to leave comments on their own posts or those of other users.<br/>
Feature 30 - Allows users to edit and update their own posts.<br/>
Feature 31 - Allows users to participate in quizzes to test and expand their knowledge of nutrition.<br/>
Feature 32 - Allows users to earn points that can be redeemed for vouchers on the rewards page.<br/>
Feature 33 - Allow users to like their own posts or other users posts.<br/>

# Technologies Used

HTML the project uses html to create a basic structure of the website. Testing Official website:https://html.spec.whatwg.org/

CSS the project use css for styling and layout, ensuring a visually appealing and consistent design across the website. official website: https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html

Javascript the project use JavaScript to adds interactivity and dynamic features to the website, enhancing the user experience. example like vaildation,local storeage

official website:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript

github the project use github is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration.It also allow version tracking official website:https://github.com/

Figma(WireFrame) the project use Figma for prototyping, and user interface (UI) design. Example like how does the website in desktop look like in the mobile view.Quick look on how the overview layout look like and able to follow to do the final code using html,css,javascript. official website:https://www.figma.com/

We used Bootstrap to make all of out pages responsive in other devices
official website: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/#cdn-links

# For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, example:

# special bugs:

# Tested

The project has been tested on multiple browsers (Google chrome (default), Firefox, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge) to ensure a consistent user experience.The project is fully compatible with the different browser, displaying as intended.

# Credits

Images for the wireframe (rewards page)
<br/>

https://www.ntuc.org.sg/uportal/about-us/social-enterprises/ntuc-fairprice

https://www.mrbean.com.sg/

https://pss.hpb.gov.sg/

https://www.facebook.com/lihosg/

https://simplywrapps.oddle.me/en_SG/

Images for the homepage (index.html)
https://www.nmamilife.com/lifestyle/5-lifestyle-habits-for-better-sleep/

https://www.freepik.com/premium-vector/immunity-system-logo-template-human-immune-system-vector-design-flat-vector-illustration_28623110.htm

https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTrqQ31oG3fJ6LKMGJa6Yy77uHTgZU9fgI1jLUiB9VZZhqvHv2K

https://www.vectorstock.com/royalty-free-vector/life-expectancy-blue-gradient-concept-icon-vector-42350254

https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/10427968-lower-risk-of-heart-disease-concept-icon-heart-attack-prevention-veganism-benefit-abstract-idea-thin-line-illustration-isolated-outline-drawing-editable-stroke

https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/39303244-vitality-concept-line-icon-simple-element-illustration-vitality-concept-outline-symbol-design

Images for the recipe page<br/>

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eatingbirdfood.com%2Fgrilled-chicken-salad%2F&psig=AOvVaw0KmqclU7clgBPGjjyisDFm&ust=1721918306250000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCJi_3tnzv4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://www.eatingwell.com/thmb/mMjFDXD6shugfz82khOPUejNQEw=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/7575315-fca052ca1ac94aba8769ed482384c4c1.jpg

https://www.twopeasandtheirpod.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Zucchini-Noodles-with-Pesto-7-500x427.jpg

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTOdg3_-LRdKCND13F3FyAbfJb65O31oM0RMQ&s

https://cafedelites.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/One-Pan-Baked-Lemon-Garlic-Salmon-Asparagus-53-1.jpg

https://www.thekitchenmagpie.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2011/04/greekyogurtandberries1.jpg

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRVGpKLu3YZgLFvdIW1WLVdwkW13Gimo9Fabg&s

https://www.seriouseats.com/thmb/_c-xbP-tch4dpSTxKE1zY16sHo8=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/20231204-SEA-VeganBurger-FredHardy-00-dbf603c78b694bfd99489b85ab44f4c4.jpg

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftherealfooddietitians.com%2Ftex-mex-quinoa-salad%2F&psig=AOvVaw3XkFhsNmvax9hgDUsmSZ3f&ust=1721918519774000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCNCUj870v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRhNTFKUShBCX-wiHFZcMuyO1pD1V9cWXrtNQ&s

https://thecozycook.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Eggplant-Parmesan-Recipe-f.jpg

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR0HzuWQzXt9-14AXv97OaqZkW_FMzC9cFwUA&s

https://cdn.loveandlemons.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/mushroom-risotto.jpg

https://rainbowplantlife.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/tofu-stir-fry-cover-photo-1-of-1.jpg

https://delishar.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Quinoa-Salad-with-Grilled-Maple-Chicken-2-1080x720.jpg

https://grainfreetable.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/5-cheese-marinara-7.jpg

https://hips.hearstapps.com/hmg-prod/images/delish-perfect-baked-sweet-potato-1637646118.jpg?crop=0.742xw:0.998xh;0.135xw,0.00218xh&resize=1200:\*

https://www.mamaknowsglutenfree.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/gluten-free-pancakes-rc.jpg

https://healthynibblesandbits.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Vietnamese-Spring-Rolls-Recipe-Card.jpg

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fminimalistbaker.com%2Fthe-best-gluten-free-pizza-crust-sauce%2F&psig=AOvVaw0bxAmK7hKwcmUZ0jiVf085&ust=1721918765273000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCJDUqrT1v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://www.allrecipes.com/thmb/UeFtapHyGFBo4Lx-72GxgjrOGnk=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/13978-lentil-soup-DDMFS-4x3-edfa47fc6b234e6b8add24d44c036d43.jpg

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/NsSFQpQZULA/maxresdefault.jpg

https://hot-thai-kitchen.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Laksa-sm.jpg

https://www.justasdelish.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/SatayKajang1.jpg

https://www.andy-cooks.com/cdn/shop/articles/20231116072724-c2-a9andy_cooks_thumbnails_nasi_lemak_01.jpg?v=1700389619

https://noobcook.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/hokkeinmee3.jpg

https://christieathome.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Char-Kway-Teow-28-scaled.jpg

https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/5be172e38f513032e447734b/1582783292062-BL5N1VRZ2ZIL62QOFT16/Singapore-Food-tours-Roti+Prata.jpg

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.spendwithpennies.com%2Fstrawberry-banana-smoothie%2F&psig=AOvVaw3TZYKKvmyzFF17qPnv560E&ust=1721918921016000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCPipnoP2v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.loveandlemons.com%2Fgreen-smoothie%2F&psig=AOvVaw1KG2dTxu3xn6iSWyxSVEC1&ust=1721918945868000&source=images&cd=vfe&opi=89978449&ved=0CBQQjRxqFwoTCPi22Ir2v4cDFQAAAAAdAAAAABAE

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSF1IUxj419XNzGhFwKQK-8lNaPD9S9o8lt-w&s

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTlvtD8kpxxR4pdX2zwbTc5QsL2FYLn9uBGuw&s

https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQAO5GMfWThZPq3hxitXC15yuIZTWVDpZx_kw&s

https://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Peanut-Butter-Banana-Smoothie-Recipe-jpg.webp

https://feelgoodfoodie.net/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/Avocado-Smoothie-TIMG.jpg
